Journal 1/16/2019
  I have many ways to go with this project, but I am unsure which to put my time into. I think the best option
is probably following the advances in financial machine learning. But I am worried it won't work as well for
forex as it does for stocks. The final part in the book I have yet to implement is Cross validation score. 
The problem is the book is not very clear on the types of inputs for the function, so its a lot of time attempting
to read the code, trying new code and repeating. 
  I think LSTM and deep neural networks is a good next step but I don't understand them well enough. I have done
limited testing with them and I cannot tell if they are over fitting or underfitting. This would be an example
where PCA (Primary Component Analysis) would be extremely, but I don't know what libraries implement it. At this
point it seems like im just blindly stumbling around in the dark hoping to find somethime. I need to find an
additional resource other than advances in financial machine learning in order to have a different perspective on
what I should do next. I also need to learn about LSTM more and how it works. It does not function as I originally
assumed.
  I need to be more scientific about my results. Or even better not use the results are data. Back testing is way
too easily done incorrectly and chances are the way I'm doing it is not producing any valuable data. I need to 
determine a way of interpreting the classification results without backtesting. I think I may do some sort of 
analysis with kmeans clustering on the training data to see what the various types of data there is and then the
accuracy with which the algorithm classifies each cluster. I think this will be a good step, but it is still just
blindly searching in the dark. I want to do a more through analysis of the training data to try and understand
what a machine learning algorithm could be using to learn. 
  Another path to search through is trying to create a new way of choosing training data. Currently it is using
the cumulative summation method where it chooses data points that have moved up a or down consisantly recently. 
I think the key is trying to identify certain common patterns and then use every time the pattern occurs as 
training data. Is there a way of using machine learing to help identify common patterns? I think clustering may
be useful in this regard. I want to try and create a good way of visualizing the training data. Just seeing
arrays of numbers is useless. I'm thinking some sort of aggregated graph or structure visualizing the various
angles of training data and their label, followed by the classfication labels. Or maybe the different tiers
of returns and if there is any connection to their training data. 
  I think I need to step back and reevaluate my goals and progress to see if their is a better approach to this
next quarter. Previously I was just making small changes to the algorithm and seeing if that changed anything
in the backtest. As well as slowly adding more code from the advances in ML book. I was hoping for results
when I should be thinking more. I should try and formulate theories on possible trading strategies and then
systematically test them.
  I need to modularize my code so that I can better divide up the differnet aspects of automated trading. I need
the following:
  1. Algorithm to decide when to trade
  2. Algorithm to decide how much to buy/sell. Might be separate
  3. Algorithm to decide which available asset to trade

  Currently I am more on track to generate a fully autonomous trader, but I think a good middle step before a 
fully auto trader would be a machine trader with a human guide. I think humans dont need to be taken out of the
system they just need better data to be able to make decisions that don't depend on emotions. I know my risk 
aversion is much higher than it should. I feel like crap when I lose, even though I know losing is part of 
trading. I understand mathematically that even if I lose 10 times, and win 11 times I am making money. Aside 
from this project I would like to start keeping a trade log to record the following data.
  Stock, Date Bought, Price Bought, Quantity, Reason for buy, price one day after buy, price one day after sell, Date sold, Price sold, Qtn, Reason for sell, price one day after sell, price one week after sell
  I think this collection of data for every transaction would allow me to maximize the amount of information learned from every trade.
  I need to develop a better way to provide feedback on my trades and decisions so I can learn from them.

  I think a good way of using the professor's trade data would be as data point selection and then analysis of 
this data. My theory is that there must be some sort of pattern in the preceding data that the professor is
trading on. His primary data is the forex data. His secondary data is news. How could we encode news articles
enough to be used in machine learning. 
  date, countries involved, currencies involved, opinion of article, forex movement afterwards, forex movement beforehand, website, other characteristics
  Could this sort of data be collected in real time and add to the quality of trading?

Is it possible to create an algorithm that is constantly learning? Maybe randomly picking times to trade and 
then determining if it can use that data to trade effectively?


1/22/2019
  - I am going to make focus on the visualization aspect and do some research. Maybe I can visualize something
that I can utilize with a ML algorithm. tableau to start then moving to d3 for a better visualization.